piggy
There is a shortage of a resident singer tonight, and the appearance fee of 300 will not come.
I'm not coming, I'm looking for someone else, hey, don't, don't
I'll be there soon.
This is your regular singer at the bar.
This is what my brother rewarded you with.
Why don't you hurry up and thank my big brother, thank you
If you want money, you have to do things
Hey past
Sir misunderstood
I am the regular singer of this bar
Not with wine
Come here.
I hate women who pretend to be garlic like you the most
Work in this setting
Isn't that what you want?
Let go
Otherwise, I'll call the police.
How dare you threaten me with calling the police?
Don't pretend to sell real gold spirits
I'll tell you what.
After drinking this bottle of wine, the 10,000 yuan is yours
Otherwise you don't want to leave today
Drink it for me
water rolling
Thank you for saving me
I didn't expect you to be so scheming.
What? I warned you at the airport
I didn't expect you to follow me here
He also designed me to save you
I'll remind you one last time
What I hate the most is the unscrupulous gold digger
Do you think I'm deliberately delicate?
Isn't it?
Like you
I think it's dirty if I look at it again
OK
Did you just say a drink and 10,000?
Uh, yeah.
If you add another cup, then add 10,000
Stop drinking
Is Xie Chao trying to stop me?
But there are still 5 glasses of wine here
One less drink is 10,000 less
Are you going to replenish this money to me?
Hmm, good drink
Ok hahahahaha
See clearly, this is called worshipping money
People like you who were born with a golden spoon in your mouth
Never experienced human suffering
Why are you criticizing me from above?
And pretend to love me
It's just a few stinky money
But blind
I also think it's dirty to look at you one more time
What do I think?
Where have you seen him?
I don't think so.